CV COPY

INTRO DEV
I am an email front end developer with a background in design and a passion for user experience. I build responsive emails, web pages and engaging campaigns for various clients at Selligent. 
Working with a Technical Project Manager we take requirements from client, formulate briefs/statements of work and develop journeys (Campaigns) and assets to fulfill those requirements. 
I am highly proficient in all modern front-end web technologies but also understand your data and know how to use it to build highly segmented journeys that target customers using advanced 
personalisation techniques. Every journey starts with a problem and I’m the person that gets the client to the solution. 


I use the Campaign and SMC software to develop and test journeys/campaigns varying from single-shot emails to complex business life-cycle jounrneys.
We provide advise on best-practice and user experience where possible.
Building responsive emails using Sublime and testing in-browser is my day-to-day business using Litmus to do final cross-device testing.
We advise clients and provide training on the platform and how to leverage their data for relevant segmentation and advanced personalisation.
In addition to this I also provide first line support to clients via our internal ticketing system. This often requires running SQL queries on the back-end to ascrtain detailed
info on client data and Campaign execution.
I've developed a wide range of projects including:
Competition from (client's front-end posting to Campaign back-end using AJAX + JSON and incorporating Google captcha).
Dual branded email template where client used a .csv file to prepare content to a specific taxonomy for all fields and could upload this directly into an article list (saved the client days of work).
Complex preference page with several back-end tables (included setting-up all the tables and relations to the main user list).
Complex modular responsive templates that enabled the marketer to selsct from various layout modules at will when creating the content.
Complex modular responsive template that automatically selcted the correct layout given a number of articles.
Competition sign-up pages.
Fonrt-line call center application for a major cinema chain. This single page application surfaced information about the clients loyalty account, film viewing history, call history and
incorporated a voucher generation system.

